# Missing Files
This folder contains source files that were assumed to exist but that we haven't (yet) found a real example of hiding on an original Sierra game disk. Some of them are currently empty.

The assumption as to the names of the files in this folder are based on the AGI.MAP file included in the parent folder. Most of that MAP file was found on an original game disk, being the SQ2 2.0D disk where most of the source files in the "src" folder were also found. The format of that MAP file is a match for a linker tool know as PLINK86. The "Modules" section at the end of the MAP file gives the names of all of the modules linked into the AGI.EXE executable and it is fairly clear that each module shown matches 1 to 1 with a source code file, since each mentions the file it came from. It omits whether the file was a .C file or a .ASM file but this can be deduced from the module name. All of the ASM files have a module stated simply as "A". This doesn't mean that they're all part of the same module but appears to rather indicate that the module is not a C module. The C modules all have a module name that matches the file name.

Using these observations, we can create the files that are assumed to have existed. Obviously we don't know what the exact code in each of these files was, but for some we can make a few further assumptions. For example, the SETJMP.H header file appears to have been part of the Mark Williams C compiler. It may not be the exact version that they used, but I have added the header file from a version of MWC.

For other files in this folder, we could perhaps reconstruct the code from disassemblies, using the same style and format that the real ASM source files used. This is my long term goal. As a starting point, I am adding the files in an empty form, other than a short header comment.
